**delete extra npm files**

There were some accidental NPM files that were in the root project directory. These have been removed.

**restructure docker deployment**

Moving forward we think of `xmtp-bridge` as two distinct components: the bridge
instances and the api server. The bridge instances are deployed using vanilla
docker. The api server is deployed using docker-compose.

I added nginx + letsencrypt to the docker-compose file for the api server.

I added some scripts corresponding to the new docker deployment structure: api
up/down and bridge up/down.

**prisma**

Prisma client generates a binary. The binary failed in production because we're
generating the binary on a mac and deploying to linux. The prisma schema
includes a config option to generate multiple binaries. I guess it detected
which runtime we needed to generate binaries for and told me to add a particular
line to the schema. I did that and it worked.

I also added prisma generate to the static:build command because every time we
rebuild the code we need to rebuild the prisma client.

**dev.test.ts**

I removed some unused imports and console.logs, we'll need a logger soon.

**sentry**

I moved sentry config into the `env.ts` file. `env.ts` is more like `config`
right now. I moved sentry into it because I wanted to import config only from
the root app files. Anything that's not in an app file will need to receive its
config as arguments. 

**blacklist/whitelist in proxy handlers**

For the same reason as the sentry config change described above, I added
blacklist/whitelist parameters to the proxy handlers. This is so that we can
configure the proxy handlers from the root app files.

**throw when the bridge config is not in database**

This is a pretty straightforward change, if we try to run a bridge that doesn't
have any saved config, we should throw an error.

**shell/README.md**

I added a README to the shell directory that describes the pattern I think we
should use for managing our environment. The tldr; is that we want to move all
the declarations and validations into a single source of truth.