**dev.test.ts**

I was going to change `npm run dev:up` to run each `npm run dev:*` command in a
single command, but I realized that goes against the "force the user to step
through the process" idea. I was looking at the `quickstart` section of the
readme, where it says "npm run dev:up and follow the error messages." and I
realized what we really need is "`npm run test:dev` and follow the error
messages." I think this is the way to go. Not only are we forcing the user to
step through the process but we're also defining that process with tests.

**Renamed services and prod.test.ts**

I moved a bunch of files around and realized that the `npm run prod:up` command
is for sure going to break but that we don't have a test that will tell us that.
So I added a skeleton test for that command.

**changelog**

I pinged the team in Discord and asked if they had a minute to review this
stuff, but then I thought to myself that we've really been doing too much
synchronous communication, so I was thinking about where to write down an async
version of what I wanted to talk about, and I came up with this idea that every
changeset should come with a changelog file where the developer can write down
what they did and why and any open questions. Instead of putting comments at the
top-level in a pull request, we should make the comments on the changelog file.

**workbench (workbench.test.ts)**

Added this file as a place where we can put helper commands. For example, we can
use it to generate new boot configs.

**hooks**

A "hook" is the ability to send a message on behalf of the bridge identity.
Fundamentally, there's going to have to be a way for each bridge to listen for
messages.

So we need a way to listen for HTTP messages and then send them via XMTP. The
tricky part here is that sending a message requires an XMTP client and an XMTP
client is heavy and takes a long time to boot. So we could re-use the XMTP
clients that are already running? Ok. The trouble with that is that now we have
to receive the message in the HTTP hook and then send it via XMTP to the bridge
before the bridge can send it again via XMTP to the destination address. I guess
that is fine for now. So we will need to create a single XMTP client inside the
HTTP hook server and then use that to send messages to the bridge.

**added a database w/ basic auth**

To do webhooks we need to have authentication which means we need a database.
So, I added Prisma and a `Bridge` table. Right now the table maps an address to
a token. When a webhook is called, we check to see that it includes the token. A
very, very, very big TODO here is to implement proper authentication..